Well, the one who does good things, that person doesn't suffer,
they don't get lost, because the Bible itself says so,
they don't have sufferings, but if someone
does things wrong, then they do get lost.
One day a priest asked us a question,
and everyone remained silent,
and I told him: well, that's why I believe
that when someone dies, they die,
and the one who stays alive, is the one
who pays attention to what will happen.
Yes, there is another life, the afterlife,
but that's for all the good ones that God has,
He has choosen them,
yes, those who are already lost, they go through another path,
that's why the Bible says there are two paths,
the narrow path and the wide path,
and which path should you take: the narrow one,
if you take the wide one, you're heading to hell,
and the narrow one leads to glory,
and many say:  "no, I'll take the wide path, it's easier",
it's a lie... I'm heading to hell,
the devil takes you there.
- What is love?
Love is wanting your wife, being kind to her,
treating her with respect and worshiping her,
I tell many people, I love her and cherish her
and I worship her until the day God keeps me alive,
and I have asked my God not to
let me die from some terrible illness,
that when He remembers me, when I die,
my children don't have to suffer,
“Oh! my father made me suffer when he was ill”,
I said: no! may God remember me and take me away quickly.